hey I'm Jacob a bit of 1 i'm going to
show you how to make go
Tanika
this
I'm gonna come
i'm using adorably first you can have
this part and then all I have this
yeah she does come with thee
oops caps busy
but when you open the box you have for
this
um you're gonna
you can have it any side you on but this
way would work
no when you probably have it when you go
first you're going to glue this part
we're going to glue this part to do this
but when you plan on okay
what take the house coolin
and you so that's just stuff in here if
you don't know then what I do
right
do
yes
and take the other side which is marked
you can use table over just hooked here
we are they put you on my
to glue that together
Oh
thankfully
you can make
but better night
yeah the other big sister is her
it
I don't take this to the bed
I
you